README.md, before:

Dagger
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/daggerproject/dagger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/daggerproject/dagger)

Dagger is a binary translator to LLVM IR, with the goal of being as native as possible to the LLVM infrastructure.

Building
--------

As an LLVM fork, Dagger is built the same way; assuming you have a reasonably recent toolchain and CMake, just do:

      $ cd dagger
      $ mkdir build
      $ cmake ..
      $ make

More information on the llvm.org [Getting Started](http://llvm.org/docs/GettingStarted.html) and [CMake](http://llvm.org/docs/CMake.html) pages.

Usage
-----

While Dagger is intended to be usable as a library, it does come with tools:

### Static Binary Translation to IR: llvm-dec
llvm-dec takes in an object file and produces IR.

      $ ./bin/llvm-dec ./a.out

### Dynamic Binary Translation: DYN (OS X-only)
DYN is an OS X-only dylib that is intended to be preloaded so that it can hijack program execution:

      $ echo "int main() { return 42; }" | clang -x c -
      $ DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=./lib/libDYN.dylib ./a.out
      $ echo $?
     42

This will "execute" `a.out` by translating all of its code to LLVM IR, JITting that, and finally executing it.

The `DCDYN_OPTIONS` environment variable can be used to pass command-line options. For instance, if you're really brave, you can try:

     $ DCDYN_OPTIONS="-print-after-all" DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=build/lib/libDYN.dylib ./a.out

which will print tons of LLVM debug output.

Features
--------

X86 is the only currently supported target.

The Mach-O object file format is the best supported.  Basic ELF is also
supported.  However, except for DYN, there is always a generic fallback, so
YMMV with other formats.

Commit message:

[DC][AArch64] Add initial AArch64 support.

README.md, after:

Dagger
======

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/daggerproject/dagger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/daggerproject/dagger)

Dagger is a binary translator to LLVM IR, with the goal of being as native as possible to the LLVM infrastructure.

Building
--------

As an LLVM fork, Dagger is built the same way; assuming you have a reasonably recent toolchain and CMake, just do:

      $ cd dagger
      $ mkdir build
      $ cmake ..
      $ make

More information on the llvm.org [Getting Started](http://llvm.org/docs/GettingStarted.html) and [CMake](http://llvm.org/docs/CMake.html) pages.

Usage
-----

While Dagger is intended to be usable as a library, it does come with tools:

### Static Binary Translation to IR: llvm-dec
llvm-dec takes in an object file and produces IR.

      $ ./bin/llvm-dec ./a.out

### Dynamic Binary Translation: DYN (OS X-only)
DYN is an OS X-only dylib that is intended to be preloaded so that it can hijack program execution:

      $ echo "int main() { return 42; }" | clang -x c -
      $ DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=./lib/libDYN.dylib ./a.out
      $ echo $?
     42

This will "execute" `a.out` by translating all of its code to LLVM IR, JITting that, and finally executing it.

The `DCDYN_OPTIONS` environment variable can be used to pass command-line options. For instance, if you're really brave, you can try:

     $ DCDYN_OPTIONS="-print-after-all" DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES=build/lib/libDYN.dylib ./a.out

which will print tons of LLVM debug output.

Features
--------

X86 is the main currently supported target.
There is ongoing work on adding AArch64 support.

The Mach-O object file format is the best supported.  Basic ELF is also
supported.  However, except for DYN, there is always a generic fallback, so
YMMV with other formats.
